By now you have already noticed that the queries you write in Asgill are not saved anywhere.
You can save them if you want.
By pressing cardinal s However in that case they will simply be saved this text files on your hard drive
.
They will be added to your SQL Server Management Studio.
Scripts allow us to query daughter and manipulate it similar to what we do in Excel but in Excel it's
a bit more visual.
However the concept is the same.
Anyway if you think about it the manipulations you perform in Excel are also not saved anywhere.
There is no camera recording what you're doing with your mouse and keyboard at the end of the day all
you have is your file resolved with no traceability of how exactly you got there.
But that's not good enough for us as data scientists.
We want to increase the transparency or audit ability and repeatability of our code.
That's why in this section we will create stored procedures or prox to save your DTL code search procedures
are extremely easy.
Let's get straight into it.
Expand your program build the folder.
Now open your stored procedures folder.
Right click the stored procedures folder and select stored procedure.
This brings up a new script with lots of overwhelming code which hopefully will trim it down first.
Get rid of the comments at the top and replace them with familiar use Diest training go in the next
comments section fill in your name date and for description.
Just write a rule then put an arrow.
Work.
Also I like to add a fourth row here for modifications.
Simply call it mode date and leave it empty.
Next delete everything between the words procedure and as we won't be needing any of that replace procedure
of simply proc cause it's shorter.
And then just specify a name for a proc.
Unfortunately you don't have lots of room for creativity here in this template.
I'd advise to store all your proc said build tables with abreviation be L.D. then put an underscore
.
Then work.
So w r k because we are building a work table from a table and then another underscore and then the
same name you find in the row table between the word row and the date when the table was uploaded and
that's it for the name.
You don't need a date in the prox name because the date is stored inside the proc itself in the comments
over here.
Now let's look at everything between the words beginning and everything you put in here is called the
body of the proc.
We want to delete everything that is in here right now and we want to replace it with a simple select
statement.
We will select all rows from our row table
and above that.
Let's type in a comment saying this is my first proc click of 5 or the exit queued button to run the
script.
Now close the script window before saving anything.
Let's refresh the stored procedures folder.
Your proc has been created.
Right click it and select modify.
Here you can see that all of your code has been saved.
There you go.
You have created your first proc